# createsamples arguments

## info
* `-info <collection_file_name>`
* Used to supply all the positives to be cut out, resized and put in the opencv needed binary format. Unlike `img` it provides more robust model. 
* A description file describing the image and size of the object.
* Format:
```
[filename] [# of objects] [[x y width height] [... 2nd object] ...]
[filename] [# of objects] [[x y width height] [... 2nd object] ...]
[filename] [# of objects] [[x y width height] [... 2nd object] ...]
...
```
* (x,y) is the left-upper corner of the object where the origin (0,0) is the left-upper corner of the image

## vec
* `-vec <vec_file_name>` 
* Output file containing positive samples for training.

## img
 * `-img <image_file_name>` 
 * Picture of source object.
 * Used to generate a bunch of positives from a single positive object image unlike `info`.
 * Positive samples are generated by randomly rotating the object, changing the image intensity as well as placing the image on arbitrary backgrounds.

## bg
* `-bg <background_file_name>`
* The description file of the background image. Contains a series of image file names. These images will be randomly selected as the background of the crop body.
* These images are not containing objects you want to detect.
* Format:
```
[filename]
[filename]
[filename]
...
```

## num
* `-num <number_of_samples>`
* The number of positive samples generated.

## bgcolor
* `-bgcolor <background_color>`
* Background color (currently grayscale) 
* Represents transparent color. Because image compression can cause color deviation, the color tolerance can be specified by `-bgthresh` . All pixels between `bgcolor-bgthresh` and `bgcolor+bgthresh` are set as transparent pixels.

## bgthresh
* `-bgthresh <background_color_threshold>`
* Used with `bgcolor`.

## inv
* `-inv`
* If this flag is specified, the color of the foreground image will be inverted.

## randinv
* `-randinv`
* If this flag is specified, the colors will be randomly inverted.

## maxidev
* `-maxidev <max_intensity_deviation>`
* The maximum value of the intensity gradient of pixels in the foreground sample.

## maxxangle
* `-maxxangle <max_x_rotation_angle>`
* The maximum rotation angle of the X axis, which must be in radians.

## maxyangle
* `-maxyangle <max_y_rotation_angle>`
* The maximum rotation angle of the Y axis, which must be in radians.

## maxzangle
* `-maxzangle <max_z_rotation_angle>`
* The maximum rotation angle of the Z axis, which must be in radians.

## show
* `-show`
* If this option is specified, each sample will be displayed. If you press the Esc key, the program will continue to create the sample but no longer display it.

## w
* `-w <sample_width>` 
* The width of the output sample (in pixels).

## h
* `-h <sample_height>`
* The height (in pixels) of the output sample.
